$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2015Q3,v 1.1.2.16 2015/10/24 19:26:23 bsiegert Exp $

Changes to the packages collection and infrastructure on the 2015Q3 branch:

Pullup ticket #4816 - requested by agc
security/netpgpverify: bug fix patch
security/libnetpgpverify: bug fix patch

Pullup ticket #4817 - requested by dholland
sysutils/findutils: build fix

Pullup ticket #4815 - requested by ryoon
www/firefox: build fix

Pullup ticket #4818 - requested by taca
net/ruby-userstream: correct dependency

Pullup ticket #4820 - requested by ryoon
emulators/qemu: security fix

Pullup ticket #4824 - requested by bouyer
www/php-owncloud: documentation fix

Pullup ticket #4825 - requested by tnn
multimedia/adobe-flash-plugin11: security fix

Pullup ticket #4826 - requested by tnn
textproc/icu: security fix

Pullup ticket #4827 - requested by ryoon
www/firefox: build fix

Pullup ticket #4828 - requested by bouyer
www/p5-HTML-StripScripts: build fix

Pullup ticket #4829 - requested by bouyer
mail/mhonarc: build fix

Pullup ticket #4831 - requested by taca
lang/php55: security fix

Pullup ticket #4832 - requested by taca
lang/php56: security fix

Pullup ticket #4819 - requested by bsiegert
lang/go14: security update

Pullup ticket #4830 - requested by bsiegert
graphics/exiv2: security update
graphics/exiv2-organize: dependant update

Pullup ticket #4833 - requested by taca
mail/postfix-lmdb: build fix
mail/postfix-mysql: build fix
mail/postfix-pcre: build fix
mail/postfix-pgsql: build fix
mail/postfix-sqlite: build fix

Pullup ticket #4834 - requested by tnn
misc/pciids: build fix

Pullup ticket #4835 - requested by leot
www/webkit-gtk: build fix

Pullup ticket #4839 - requested by gdt
sysutils/dbus: build fix

Pullup ticket #4840 - requested by mrg
lang/perl5: fix for sparc

Pullup ticket #4841 - requested by tnn
multimedia/adobe-flash-plugin11: security update

Pullup ticket #4842 - requested by joerg
devel/netbsd-iscsi-lib: SmartOS build fix

