$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2015Q4,v 1.1.2.27 2016/04/04 18:30:06 spz Exp $

Changes to the packages collection and infrastructure on the 2015Q4 branch:

Pullup ticket #4880 - requested by wiz
multimedia/adobe-flash-plugin11: security fix

Pullup ticket #4882 - requested by sevan
multimedia/ffmpeg2: security fix

Pullup ticket #4881 - requested by wiz
net/samba4: security fix

Pullup ticket #4883 - requested by wiz
print/cups-filters: security fix

Pullup ticket #4885 - requested by sborrill
sysutils/py-psutil: build fix

Pullup ticket #4886 - requested by bouyer
sysutils/xenkernel42: security fix
sysutils/xentools42: security fix

Pullup ticket #4887 - requested by bouyer
sysutils/xenkernel41: security fix
sysutils/xentools41: security fix

Pullup ticket #4888 - requested by bouyer
sysutils/xenkernel45: security fix
sysutils/xentools45: security fix

Pullup ticket #4889 - requested by leot
print/gv: bugfix

Pullup ticket #4878 - requested by bsiegert
devel/pcre2: security update

Pullup ticket #4879 - requested by bsiegert
audio/vorbis-tools: security fix

Pullup ticket #4891 - requested by taca
lang/php55: security fix

Pullup ticket #4892 - requested by taca
lang/php56: security fix

Pullup ticket #4893 - requested by taca
lang/php70: security fix

Pullup ticket #4894 - requested by taca
databases/php-do_sqlite: PKGREVISION reset
meta-pkgs/php55-extensions: PKGREVISION reset
textproc/php-intl: PKGREVISION reset

Pullup ticket #4895 - requested by taca
net/ntp4: security fix

Pullup ticket #4896 - requested by taca
devel/ruby-debugger: build fix
devel/ruby-debugger-linecache: build fix

Pullup ticket #4897 - requested by taca
devel/ruby-debugger-ruby_core_source: build fix

Pullup ticket #4898 - requested by taca
devel/ruby-test-unit: build fix

Pullup ticket #4900 - requested by wiz
textproc/py-pygments: security fix

Pullup ticket #4901 - requested by taca
net/bind910: security fix

Pullup ticket #4902 - requested by taca
net/bind99: security fix

Pullup ticket #4904 - requested by taca
security/sudo: security fix

Pullup ticket #4905 - requested by taca
security/sudo: build fix

Pullup ticket #4907 - requested by rillig
meta-pkgs/pkg_developer: build fix

Pullup ticket #4908 - requested by bsiegert
lang/go: bugfix

Pullup ticket #4913 - requested by bouyer
net/nagios-base: build fix

Pullup ticket #4914 - requested by joerg
textproc/mdocml: fix packaging issue

Pullup ticket #4915 - requested by taca
databases/ruby-activerecord32: security fix
devel/ruby-activemodel32: security fix
devel/ruby-activesupport32: security fix
devel/ruby-railties32: security fix
mail/ruby-actionmailer32: security fix
www/ruby-actionpack32: security fix
www/ruby-activeresource32: security fix
www/ruby-rails32: security fix

Pullup ticket #4916 - requested by taca
lang/php55: security fix

Pullup ticket #4917 - requested by taca
lang/php56: security fix

Pullup ticket #4918 - requested by taca
lang/php70: security fix

Pullup ticket #4920 - requested by bouyer
net/nagios-base: bugfix
net/nagios-plugins: fix packaging issue

Pullup ticket #4921 - requested by rillig
pkgtools/pkglint: bugfix

Pullup ticket #4922 - requested by he
www/curl: security update

Pullup ticket #4924 - requested by taca
www/squid3: security fix

Pullup ticket #4926 - requested by bsiegert
sysutils/salt: security fix

Pullup ticket #4925 - requested by taca
www/typo3_62: security fix

Pullup ticket #4928 - requested by sevan
security/libgcrypt: security fix

Pullup ticket #4930 - requested by taca
www/typo3_62: security fix

Pullup ticket #4932 - requested by tnn
databases/postgresql91: security fix

Pullup ticket #4933 - requested by tnn
databases/postgresql92: security fix

Pullup ticket #4934 - requested by tnn
databases/postgresql93: security fix

Pullup ticket #4935 - requested by tnn
databases/postgresql94: security fix

Pullup ticket #4936 - requested by taca
www/drupal7: security fix

Pullup ticket #4937 - requested by taca
www/drupal6: security fix

Pullup ticket #4931 - requested by taca
www/squid3: security fix

Pullup ticket #4940 - requested by sevan
graphics/graphite2: security fix

Pullup ticket #4943 - requested by bsiegert
www/netsurf: security update

Pullup ticket #4944 - requested by taca
lang/php55: security fix

Pullup ticket #4945 - requested by taca
lang/php56: security fix

Pullup ticket #4947 - requested by taca
www/ruby-actionpack32: security fix

Pullup ticket #4946 - requested by taca
lang/php70: security fix

Pullup ticket #4949 - requested by taca
net/bind910: security fix

Pullup ticket #4950 - requested by taca
net/bind99: security fix

Pullup ticket #4953 - requested by sevan
devel/git-base: security fix

Pullup ticket #4954 - requested by gdt
chat/libotr: security fix

Pullup ticket #4951 - requested by bsiegert
sysutils/xfce4-thunar: security fix

Pullup ticket #4952 - requested by bsiegert
devel/nss: security update

