$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2016Q3,v 1.1.2.18 2016/12/11 20:49:23 spz Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2016Q3 branch:

Pullup ticket #5112 - requested by taca
www/ruby-http-cookie: security fix

Pullup ticket #5113 - requested by joerg
devel/py-logilab-astng: build fix

Pullup ticket #5114 - requested by joerg
filesystems/squashfs: build fix

Pullup ticket #5115 - requested by joerg
games/libggz: build fix

Pullup ticket #5116 - requested by joerg
graphics/adaptagrams: build fix

Pullup ticket #5116 - requested by joerg
graphics/adaptagrams: build fix

Pullup ticket #5117 - requested by joerg
graphics/blender: build fix

Pullup ticket #5119 - requested by joerg
math/vowpal_wabbit: build fix

Pullup ticket #5120 - requested by joerg
net/corebird: build fix

Pullup ticket #5122 - requested by joerg
textproc/odt2tex: build fix

Pullup ticket #5123 - requested by he
net/py-ncclient: build fix

Pullup ticket #5124 - requested by taca
graphics/gc: security fix

Pullup ticket #5121 - requested by joerg
sysutils/xentools41: build fix
sysutils/xentools42: build fix

Pullup ticket #5129 - requested by dholland
cad/qcad: build fix

Pullup ticket #5130 - requested by dholland
x11/xephem: build fix

Pullup ticket #5131 - requested by dholland
databases/geneweb: build fix

Pullup ticket #5132 - requested by fhajny
mail/dovecot2: enable functionality

Pullup ticket #5135 - requested by sevan
net/freeradius2: security fix

Pullup ticket #5128 - requested by bsiegert
mail/squirrelmail: build fix

Pullup ticket #5133 - requested by bsiegert
graphics/openjpeg: security update

Pullup ticket #5134 - requested by bsiegert
graphics/gdk-pixbuf2-xlib: security update
graphics/gdk-pixbuf2: security update

Pullup ticket #5138 - requested by taca
lang/php71: security fix

Pullup ticket #5139 - requested by taca
lang/php70: security fix

Pullup ticket #5140 - requested by taca
lang/php56: security fix

Pullup ticket #5141 - requested by taca
databases/mysql55-client: security fix
databases/mysql55-server: security fix

Pullup ticket #5142 - requested by taca
databases/mysql56-client: security fix
databases/mysql56-server: security fix

Pullup ticket #5137 - requested by bsiegert
multimedia/adobe-flash-plugin11: security update

Pullup ticket #5145 - requested by wiz
net/tor: security fix

Pullup ticket #5147 - requested by spz
security/libcrack: security fix

Pullup ticket #5148 - requested by spz
net/wget: security fix

Pullup ticket #5149 - requested by taca
net/bind910: security fix

Pullup ticket #5150 - requested by taca
net/bind99: security fix

Pullup ticket #5151 - requested by maya
audio/taglib: build fix

Pullup ticket #5153 - requested by wen
www/py-django: security fix

Pullup ticket #5146 - requested by spz
emulators/qemu: security fix

Pullup ticket #5157 - requested by taca
lang/php56: security fix

Pullup ticket #5158 - requested by taca
lang/php70: security fix

Pullup ticket #5159 - requested by taca
lang/php71: security fix

Pullup ticket #5162 - requested by wiz
www/w3m: security fix
www/w3m-img: security fix

Pullup ticket #5163 - requested by wiz
graphics/tiff: security fix

Pullup ticket #5161 - requested by sevan
net/wpa_gui: security fix

Pullup ticket #5164 - requested by taca
www/drupal7: security fix

Pullup ticket #5165 - requested by taca
textproc/php-mecab: build fix

Pullup ticket #5167 - requested by sevan
archivers/p7zip: security fix

Pullup ticket #5168 - requested by sevan
textproc/libxml2: security fix

Pullup ticket #5154 - requested by bsiegert
lang/guile20: build fix

Pullup ticket #5169 - requested by bsiegert
devel/subversion: security update
devel/p5-subversion: security update
devel/ruby-subversion: security update

Pullup ticket #5171 - requested by bsiegert
devel/hdf5: security update

Pullup ticket #5172 - requested by dholland
games/criticalmass: security fix

