$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2016Q2,v 1.1.2.17 2016/09/24 09:49:40 bsiegert Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2016Q2 branch:

Pullup ticket #5054 - requested by wiz
misc/calibre1: build fix

Pullup ticket #5055 - requested by sevan
textproc/xerces-c: security fix

Pullup ticket #5056 - requested by bsiegert
www/links: security update
www/links-gui: security update

Pullup ticket #5057 - requested by sevan
net/haproxy: security fix

Pullup ticket #5058 - requested by is
geography/libnova: build fix

Pullup ticket #5059 - requested by taca
www/apache24: security update

Pullup ticket #5064 - requested by bsiegert
lang/go: security update

Pullup ticket #5065 - requested by taca
net/bind99: security update

Pullup ticket #5066 - requested by taca
net/bind910: security update

Pullup ticket #5060 - requested by taca
net/samba4: security update

Pullup ticket #5061 - requested by taca
www/contao35: security update

Pullup ticket #5062 - requested by taca
www/contao42: security update

Pullup ticket #5063 - requested by taca
www/contao41: security patch

Pullup ticket #5067 - requested by taca
lang/php55: security update
lang/php: subsequent adjustment

Pullup ticket #5068 - requested by taca
lang/php70: security update
lang/php: subsequent adjustment

Pullup ticket #5069 - requested by taca
lang/php56: security update
lang/php: subsequent adjustment

Pullup ticket #5070 - requested by bouyer
sysutils/xenkernel45: security patch

Pullup ticket #5071 - requested by bouyer
sysutils/xenkernel42: security patch

Pullup ticket #5072 - requested by bouyer
sysutils/xenkernel41: security patch

Pullup ticket #5074 - requested by christos
devel/cvsps: security patch

Pullup ticket #5075 - requested by schmonz
www/ikiwiki: security update

Pullup ticket #5077 - requested by nils
databases/phpmyadmin: bugfix

Pullup ticket #5078 - requested by sevan
databases/redis: security fix

Pullup ticket #5079 - requested by sevan
www/curl: security fix

Pullup ticket #5080 - requested by sevan
graphics/gd: security fix

Pullup ticket #5081 - requested by bsiegert
editors/gummi: security update

Pullup ticket #5088 - requested by prlw1
graphics/eog3: security fix

Pullup ticket #5089 - requested by jym
security/stunnel: security fix

Pullup ticket #5090 - requested by sevan
lang/python27: security fix

Pullup ticket #5091 - requested by sevan
lang/python34: security fix

Pullup ticket #5092 - requested by sevan
lang/python35: security fix

Pullup ticket #5093 - requested by taca
www/apache24: security fix

Pullup ticket #5094 - requested by taca
lang/php56: security fix

Pullup ticket #5095 - requested by taca
www/ruby-actionpack32: security fix

Pullup ticket #5096 - requested by taca
lang/php70: security fix

Pullup ticket #5100 - requested by maya
security/gnupg: security fix
security/libgcrypt: security fix, build fix

Pullup ticket #5101 - requested by maya
databases/mysql55-client: security fix
databases/mysql56-client: security fix

Pullup ticket #5084 - requested by bsiegert
fonts/fontconfig: security update

Pullup ticket #5102 - requested by bsiegert
devel/pcre2: security update

Pullup ticket #5103 - requested by maya
databases/mariadb55-server: security fix

Pullup ticket #5104 - requested by sevan
chat/irssi: security fix, bugfixes
chat/irssi-icb: security fix, bugfixes
chat/irssi-xmpp: security fix, bugfixes

