$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2016Q1,v 1.1.2.19 2016/05/31 07:03:52 spz Exp $

Changes to the packages collection and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2016Q1 branch:

Created pkgsrc-2016Q1 branch [agc Wed Apr  6 17:21:53 UTC 2016]

Pullup ticket #4958 - requested by manu
net/samba4: security fix

Pullup ticket #4959 - requested by hauke
sysutils/radmind: bugfix

Pullup ticket #4961 - requested by mrg
www/bozohttpd: security-update

Pullup ticket #4962 - requested by sevan
lang/perl5: security fix

Pullup ticket #4963 - requested by he
x11/pixman: build fix

Pullup ticket #4964 - requested by sevan
databases/postgresql95: security fix

Pullup ticket #4966 - requested by joerg
chat/atheme: build fix
devel/libmcs: build fix
devel/libmowgli: build fix

Pullup ticket #4968 - requested by joerg
x11/py-qt5: build fix

Pullup ticket #4969 - requested by joerg
x11/qt4-libs: bugfix

Pullup ticket #4971 - requested by taca
www/squid3: security fix

Pullup ticket #4972 - requested by taca
lang/php55: security fix

Pullup ticket #4973 - requested by taca
lang/php56: security fix

Pullup ticket #4974 - requested by taca
lang/php70: security fix

Pullup ticket #4976 - requested by joerg
chat/ktp-contact-runner: build fix
chat/ktp-filetransfer-handler: build fix
chat/ktp-kded-integration-module: build fix
chat/ktp-send-file: build fix

Pullup ticket #4977 - requested by joerg
www/aws-demos: build fix

Pullup ticket #4978 - requested by joerg
time/fet: build fix

Pullup ticket #4979 - requested by joerg
audio/ibniz: build fix

Pullup ticket #4980 - requested by joerg
devel/elftoolchain: build fix

Pullup ticket #4981 - requested by joerg
devel/xulrunner192: build fix

Pullup ticket #5013 - requested by taca
security/openssl: security fix

Pullup ticket #4982 - requested by joerg
devel/xulrunner10: build fix

Pullup ticket #4983 - requested by joerg
devel/anjuta: build fix

Pullup ticket #4984 - requested by joerg
games/flightgear: build fix

Pullup ticket #4985 - requested by joerg
games/wormz: build fix

Pullup ticket #4986 - requested by joerg
games/xevil: build fix

Pullup ticket #4987 - requested by joerg
games/darktable: build fix

Pullup ticket #4988 - requested by joerg
graphics/gdchart: build fix

Pullup ticket #4989 - requested by joerg
graphics/skencil: build fix

Pullup ticket #5009 - requested by taca
www/squid3: security fix, build fix

Pullup ticket #5010 - requested by taca
net/ntp4: security fix

Pullup ticket #5011 - requested by taca
net/samba4: security fix

Pullup ticket #5012 - requested by taca
www/typo3_62: security fix

Pullup ticket #5014 - requested by sevan
devel/xulrunner38: security fix
www/firefox38: security fix

Pullup ticket #5015 - requested by sevan
www/firefox: security fix

Pullup ticket #5016 - requested by sevan
emulators/qemu: security fix

Pullup ticket #4965 - requested by bsiegert
www/h2o: security update

Pullup ticket #5017 - requested by sevan
sysutils/xenkernel45: security fix
sysutils/xentools45: security fix

Pullup ticket #5019 - requested by sevan
multimedia/adobe-flash-plugin11: security fix

Pullup ticket #5020 - requested by sevan
www/ikiwiki: security fix

Pullup ticket #5026 - requested by drochner
textproc/expat: security fix

Pullup ticket #5027 - requested by wen
www/mediawiki: security fix

Pullup ticket #4990 - requested by joerg
graphics/ruby-gd: build fix

Pullup ticket #4991 - requested by joerg
lang/ghc7: build fix

Pullup ticket #4992 - requested by joerg
mail/smtp-vilter: build fix

Pullup ticket #4993 - requested by joerg
math/pari: build fix

Pullup ticket #4994 - requested by joerg
math/snns: build fix

Pullup ticket #4995 - requested by joerg
math/superlu: build fix

Pullup ticket #4996 - requested by joerg
misc/gkrellm-launch: build fix

Pullup ticket #4997 - requested by joerg
misc/kchmviewer: build fix

Pullup ticket #4998 - requested by joerg
misc/rocs: build fix

Pullup ticket #4999 - requested by joerg
multimedia/gopchop: build fix

Pullup ticket #5000 - requested by joerg
net/gkrellm: build fix

Pullup ticket #5001 - requested by joerg
net/openwbem: build fix

Pullup ticket #5002 - requested by joerg
pkgtools/pkg_select: build fix

Pullup ticket #5003 - requested by joerg
print/LPRng-core: build fix

Pullup ticket #5004 - requested by joerg
security/php-oauth: build fix

Pullup ticket #5005 - requested by joerg
sysutils/fscd: build fix

Pullup ticket #5006 - requested by joerg
sysutils/open-vm-tools: build fix

Pullup ticket #5007 - requested by joerg
sysutils/tarsnap-gui: build fix

Pullup ticket #5008 - requested by joerg
wm/fluxconf: build fix

Pullup ticket #5021 - requested by joerg
cross/uisp: build fix

Pullup ticket #5022 - requested by joerg
devel/libbson: build fix

Pullup ticket #5023 - requested by joerg
devel/tvision: build fix

Pullup ticket #5024 - requested by joerg
sysutils/xentools33: build fix

Pullup ticket #5025 - requested by joerg
sysutils/xenkernel33: build fix

Pullup ticket #5028 - requested by he
textproc/libxml2: security update

Pullup ticket #5029 - requested by bsiegert
www/moodle: security update

Pullup ticket #5030 - requested by bsiegert
graphics/librsvg: security update

